docs: add a note about Code of Conduct template (#202)
open-sauced/intro: docs/becoming-a-maintainer/getting-practical.md

### Setting Up a Code of Conduct

It's essential to have a code of conduct to ensure that everyone feels welcome and safe in your project. There are two ways to add this file to your project:

> 1. Use a premade template: GitHub provides a code of conduct template. To learn more, check out their tutorial, ["Adding a code of conduct using a template"](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project#adding-a-code-of-conduct-using-a-template).
> 2. Manual: If you want to create this file on your own, follow these steps:

Reviewer: - As GitHub docs doesn't mention "premade", let's follow their docs.
- The grammar for using a template is incorrect here. There are a couple of CoC templates on GitHub.
- I think it's "Manually" instead of "Manual" here.
- Because the 1st method begins with a verb, we can also start with a verb for the 2nd one, as this seems possible.

```suggestion
1. **Use a template**. GitHub provides common code of conduct templates to help you set one up quickly. You can read [the instructions on their docs](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project#adding-a-code-of-conduct-using-a-template) to add one to your project.
2. **Add manually**. If you want to copy or adapt from other codes of conduct, you need to add your code of conduct manually by following these steps:
```

- [ ] Copy and paste the code of conduct you'd like to use. We recommend using the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/).
- [ ] Add a link to the code of conduct in your README and CONTRIBUTING files.

!>  GitHub provides a code of conduct template. To learn more, check out their tutorial, ["Adding a code of conduct using a template"](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project#adding-a-code-of-conduct-using-a-template).

> !> Make sure you attribute the code of conduct to the original author.

Reviewer: Hey @CBID2,

Thanks for the PR! ✨ 

I have thoughts here.

Line 151 is the extended of the checklists. It's there to explain that when folks copy and paste a CoC that like to use from another project, they should attribute it to the original author.

So:
- Having the note in line 149 makes the whole things here out of the flow.
- As this chapter contains tutorials to get practical, a note to check out GitHub CoC template feels like an orphan here. Unless, you can make the wording as part of the tutorial.
- I think we can avoid having a back to back warning admonitions (warning highlights) for better read and understanding. 

I have some ideas on how to implement this, but I need to reread this whole section and another chapter that related to this section. And I won't be able to get back to this until tomorrow.

In the mean time, please let me know what you think about the feedback and if you have ideas on how to implemet the addition.

Thank you! 🙂

Author: Hi @adiati98. I followed @BekahHW's method to formatting this information. Check it out and let me know what you think.

Reviewer: @CBID2 have you checked out Bekah's suggestion to also add it in the initial COC section as a tip?
Because when I said 'another chapter that relates to this section', I was thinking the same way. 🙂

Author: I added it to the initial tip @adiati98
